Silo Creation feature (#407)
oxidecomputer/terraform-provider-oxide: docs/resources/oxide_silo.md

---
page_title: "oxide_silo Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
---

# oxide_silo (Resource)

> This resource manages the creation of an Oxide Silo.

Reviewer: Let's update the documentation to note that `quotas` is the only attribute that's able to be updated.

---
page_title: "oxide_silo Resource - terraform-provider-oxide"
---

# oxide_silo (Resource)

This resource manages the creation of an Oxide Silo.

> Note: On Silo updates the only attribute that can be updated is the `quotas`. The rest of the attributes will cause a destroy first and then another create.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> Only the `quotas` attribute supports in-place modification. Changes to other attributes will result in the silo being destroyed and created anew.
```

The `->` at the beginning will allow this to be rendered as a panel on the website.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/51f82cf4-d58e-444f-88e8-6af7146e551c)
